---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "Typescript Relection"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-05-09
published: true
labels:
  - Typescript
  - Javascript
---


## Impression on Typescript

Upon learning the basics and fundamentals of typescript, I found it to be very similar and somewhat convenient as I've originally learned and picked up Java as my first language. There were issues I came across when immersing myself in the environment of Typescript such as certain syntax and learning interfaces. However, it's not too bad and the way it's designed seems beginner friendly. I believe it's a good programming language from a software engineering perspective especially if you already have experience with similar languages like Javascript.  

My opinion and thoughts may change as I learn more about Typescript but overall I think it's alright.

## Practice WODs

The concept of athletic software engineering in the form of practice WODs is generally a fantastic approach to developing skills in coding when it comes to achieving a certain time or working under pressure. I believe it creates a dependent system where I can be accountable for my progress and take note of my efficiency for the time being. 

The first practice WOD was not particularly difficult but required some knowledge of the basics of Typescript. The standard for the time taken to do these problems can be used to track the ratio between time and efficiency. I especially agree with the DNF standard, although it may be subjective on the assignment, as taking more than that duration tells you that there are roadblocks to be taken down so it's a good idea to take a step back and figure out those problems.
