---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: SMARTOverflow
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2024-09-12
published: true
labels:
  - StackOverflow
  - SMART Questions
---

##  <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1642028/what-is-the-operator-in-c-c">C/C++ Operator --></a>
This StackOverFlow forum post goes over the complications of the operator "-->" in C. The owner of the post introduces his question and the actions he has already done. For the things he has already, he stated that he read a Google Groups post "Hidden Features and Dark Corners of C++/STL/" based on comp.lang.c++.moderated. Then compared it in an IDE and compiler (Visual Studio 2008 and G++ 4.4). Below his prompt are examples he was referring to. He provided both the code and the output, and then a proceeding question onward. 

The reply posts sufficiently answered his question stating that "--> is not an operator. It is in fact two separate operators, -- and >. The code in the condition decrements x, while returning x's original (not decremented) value, and then compares the original value with 0 using the > operator."

This post is a good example of a question because the forum post owner introduces his 
question clearly in a concise manner while providing context for the actions he had already taken. He also provides examples including both the code and output. It is clear that he is genuinely curious and cares for the replies he will receive.

## <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5508110/why-is-this-program-erroneously-rejected-by-three-c-compilers">C++ Compilers</a>
The owner of the post introduces his compiling error issues and displays his program in a hand-drawn manner

